Add New Relic Python agent (#13)
paketo-buildpacks/new-relic: README.md

* Contributes a PHP agent to a layer and configures `$PHP_INI_SCAN_DIR` to use it
* Transforms the contents of the binding secret to environment variables with the pattern `NEW_RELIC_<KEY>=<VALUE>`

The buildpack will do the following for Python applications:

* Copies configuration file in /resources/newrelic.ini to the root folder of your application.
* You may override this file by including a newrelic.ini file at the root of your application.

> * You will need to install the New Relic Python Agent, you can do this by adding New Relic as requirement in requirements.txt at the root of your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You will need to install the New Relic Python Agent, you can do this by adding New Relic as requirement in `requirements.txt` at the root of your application.
```

* Contributes a PHP agent to a layer and configures `$PHP_INI_SCAN_DIR` to use it
* Transforms the contents of the binding secret to environment variables with the pattern `NEW_RELIC_<KEY>=<VALUE>`

The buildpack will do the following for Python applications:

> * Copies configuration file in /resources/newrelic.ini to the root folder of your application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Installs a default `newrelic.ini` configuration file to the root folder of your application
```

Reviewer: Also, what if this file exists already? I think the way it is right now, the buildpack would fail to copy the file and overwrite the user's file, but it would fail the build which isn't great.

You might want to either have the buildpack just backoff if it tries to copy the file and gets an error saying that the file exists. In Go, you typically try the action and check the error type versus checking if the file exists in advance.

You could then also add a note in the README, like "You may override this file by including a newrelic.ini file at the root of your application".

Author: Done

> * Installs New Relic Python agent using pip3

Reviewer: As it stands now the buildpack isn't going install New Relic anymore which is fine. However, it's up to the user to make sure their requirements.txt file is set up to include the New Relic agent. You might want this buildpack, which will run after Python & PIP have run, do something to confirm that the agent has been installed. You could have it fail the build with a helpful error if the agent isn't present.

It might also be helpful to have a note in this README indicating that it's a requirement for the user to add this.

Author: Done

> * Procfile is required at root of your application during build stage, sample file available /resources/Procfile
> * Choose which Python agent pip3 version by updating ./project.toml and pass --descriptor ./project.toml to your build command or use environment variables, i.e. --env NEWRELIC_PYTHON_VERSION=PYTHON_PIP3_VERSION

Reviewer: I don't think these are relevant anymore, you can probably remove them.

```suggestion
```

Author: Done
